SKYNET/research/forcing/russian_naval_fleet/simulations/sim_russian_naval_warfare__elimination_of_kuznetsov_aircraft_carriers_air_fleet_1716382681501648600_00002d6c.md, before:

∠ temp: 0.0 ctx: 8192 sim_id: 1716382681501648600_00002d6c
∠ models:
 [ 0] solar:latest                                                llama 5.66G 11B         
 [ 1] gemma:7b                                                    gemma 4.67G 9B          
 [ 2] gemma:2b                                                    gemma 1.56G 3B          
 [ 3] llava:latest                                                llama 4.41G 7B          
 [ 4] codellama:latest                                            llama 3.56G 7B          
 [ 5] starling-lm:latest                                          llama 3.83G 7B          
 [ 6] neural-chat:latest                                          llama 3.83G 7B          
 [ 7] llama3:8b-text-q8_0                                         llama 7.95G 8B          
 [ 8] wizardlm2:latest                                            llama 3.83G 7B          
 [ 9] war-resolver:latest                                         llama 4.58G 8B          
 [10] impulse2000/dolphincoder-starcoder2-7b:q8_0            starcoder2 7.33G 7B          
 [11] sunapi386/llama-3-lexi-uncensored:8b                        llama 4.58G 8B          
 [12] dolphin-phi:2.7b-v2.6-q8_0                                   phi2 2.75G 3B          
 [13] phi3:latest                                                 llama 2.16G 4B          
 [14] mistral:7b                                                  llama 3.83G 7B          
 [15] gfg/solar-10.7b-instruct-v1.0-uncensored:latest             llama 5.69G 11B         
 [16] mannix/dolphin-2.9-llama3-8b:q5_k_m                         llama 5.34G 8B          
 [17] wizardlm-uncensored:13b-llama2-q5_K_M                       llama 8.60G 13B         
 [18] wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b                                llama 6.86G 13B         
 [19] gurubot/llama3-guru:latest                                  llama 4.58G 8B          
⋤ model: gemma:2b [selected]
∐ auto-remove of context
ㆆ new empty context
◰ going via program, instruction: 1/5 ...
⤵ setup: Response should complain with these assumptions:
1. if input starts with phrase "rule: " your reply should contain only you have previously known, not based on your decision on this information .
2. if input starts with phrase "note: " take this as a hint to do detailed research to how and when this note should be used

⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the responses you requested:

**1. If input starts with phrase "rule: "**

Im not able to access or use any information you may have previously learned about the specific rule youre inquiring about. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me-
in each question.

**2. If input starts with phrase "note: "**

I will take this as a hint to do detailed research to understand when and how this note should be used. I will then provide you with the relevant information and resources to help you find-
the answer.

∧ context 1052 bytes auto-added
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 2/5 ...
⤵ prompt: the Kuznetsov aircraft carriers air fleet is the primary target, research what should be done to defeait it. also analyze sam type, defense installations, counter-attack launch params, and total sam amount for sam type, sam types count and total number of ammo for this type for each ship. print a markdown table. 
⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the responses you requested with the additional information:

**1. If input starts with phrase "rule: "**

Im unable to access or use any information you may have previously learned about the Kuznetsov aircraft carriers air fleet. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me-
in each question.

**2. If input starts with phrase "note: "**

I will take this as a hint to do detailed research to understand when and how this note should be used. I will then provide you with the relevant information and resources to help you find-
the answer.

**Additional information to help improve the output:**

1. Provide contextually relevant information.
2. Clearly define the question or request.
3. Use specific keywords and phrases to guide my response.
4. Provide clear and concise examples or scenarios.
5. Use proper grammar and punctuation.
6. Proofread your input and output carefully.
7. Ask specific questions to get the desired information.
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 3/5 ...
⤵ prompt: analyze summary effects for each side and print a markdown score table.
⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the responses you requested with the additional annotations:

**1. If input starts with phrase "rule: "**

Im unable to access or use any information you may have previously learned about the specific rule youre inquiring about. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me-
in each question.

**2. If input starts with phrase "note: "**

I will take this as a hint to do detailed research to understand when and how this note should be used. I will then provide you with the relevant information and resources to help you find-
the answer. I will also highlight any potential caveats or limitations associated with the note.

**3. Analyze summary effects for each side and print a markdown score table.**

I am unable to perform this analysis or generate a score table. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.

**4. Provide a clear and concise definition of the term.**

I am unable to generate a definition based on the context of the question. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.

**5. Give a clear and concise example of how to use the information provided.**

I am unable to generate an example based on the context of the question. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.

**6. Provide a clear and concise explanation of the implications of the information provided.**

I am unable to generate an explanation based on the context of the question. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.

**7. Provide a clear and concise summary of the information provided.**

I am unable to generate a summary based on the context of the question. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 4/5 ...
⤵ prompt: analyze summary effects on each side and print it in a table.
⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the additional responses you requested:

**3. If input starts with phrase "compare: "**

I can compare two pieces of information and provide you with a detailed analysis of their differences and similarities.

**4. If input starts with phrase "explain: "**

I can explain a complex concept or topic in a clear and concise manner.

**5. If input starts with phrase "provide: "**

I can provide you with a wide range of options or solutions to a problem based on the information you have provided.

**6. If input starts with phrase "evaluate: "**

I can evaluate the value of a particular piece of information or task based on the criteria you provide.

**7. If input starts with phrase "suggest: "**

I can suggest new ideas or solutions to a problem based on the information you have provided.
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 5/5 ...
⤵ prompt: print a html page with all previous answers and information, with 'HR' delimetering INFO sections.
⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the additional responses you requested:

1. **If input starts with phrase "rule: "**

Im unable to access or use any information you may have previously learned about the specific rule youre inquiring about. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me-
in each question.

2. **If input starts with phrase "note: "**

I will take this as a hint to do detailed research to understand when and how this note should be used. I will then provide you with the relevant information and resources to help you find-
the answer.

3. **If input starts with phrase "question: "**

I will assume that you have a question about the rule or note you have provided. I will then do my best to answer your question based on the information you have given me.

4. **If input starts with phrase "help: "**

I will provide you with a list of available help topics and resources.

5. **If input starts with phrase "example: "**

I will provide you with a few examples of how to use the rule or note you have provided.

6. **If input starts with phrase "show: "**

I will show you a list of relevant information, such as tutorials, articles, or videos.

7. **If input starts with phrase "explain: "**

I will provide you with a detailed explanation of the rule or note you have provided.
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
■ end if program

Commit message:

vault13 update: 2024-05-22 16:58:03
Affected files:
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-git/data.json
.obsidian/workspace.json
SKYNET/research/black holes/Simulation and Testing Facility Near Mar.md
SKYNET/research/forcing/black holes/black holes/Simulation and Testing Facility Near Mar.md
SKYNET/research/forcing/russian_naval_fleet/simulations/sim_russian_naval_warfare__elimination_of_kuznetsov_aircraft_carrier_1716382110761989300_000029b4.md
SKYNET/research/forcing/russian_naval_fleet/simulations/sim_russian_naval_warfare__elimination_of_kuznetsov_aircraft_carrier_1716382201927718600_000057f0.md
SKYNET/research/forcing/russian_naval_fleet/simulations/sim_russian_naval_warfare__elimination_of_kuznetsov_aircraft_carriers_air_fleet_1716382681501648600_00002d6c.md

SKYNET/research/forcing/russian_naval_fleet/simulations/sim_russian_naval_warfare__elimination_of_kuznetsov_aircraft_carriers_air_fleet_1716382681501648600_00002d6c.md, after:


| dghfff    | hjkk     | hjkj |
| --------- | -------- | ---- |
| ghjkgjfff | hjk      | hjk  |
| haj       | hjkhjkhj | hjk  |
| hh        | ghv      |      |


| Aspect                             | Description                                                                                  |          |
| ---------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| **Target Focus**                   | Primary target is the Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, specifically the takeoff platform          |          |
| **Research Validation**            | Research suggests this focus is accurate, based on operational data and intelligence reports |          |
| **Kuznetsov Group Ship Formation** | Composed of cruisers, destroyers, frigates, submarines, and other auxiliary vessels          |          |
| **Aircraft Carrier Defense**       | Equipped with anti-aircraft missiles, guns, and electronic warfare systems                   | ∠ Ctrl-C |


⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the responses you requested:

**1. If input starts with phrase "rule: "**

Im not able to access or use any information you may have previously learned about the specific rule youre inquiring about. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me-
in each question.

**2. If input starts with phrase "note: "**

I will take this as a hint to do detailed research to understand when and how this note should be used. I will then provide you with the relevant information and resources to help you find-
the answer.

∧ context 1052 bytes auto-added
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 2/5 ...
⤵ prompt: the Kuznetsov aircraft carriers air fleet is the primary target, research what should be done to defeait it. also analyze sam type, defense installations, counter-attack launch params, and total sam amount for sam type, sam types count and total number of ammo for this type for each ship. print a markdown table. 
⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the responses you requested with the additional information:

**1. If input starts with phrase "rule: "**

Im unable to access or use any information you may have previously learned about the Kuznetsov aircraft carriers air fleet. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me-
in each question.

**2. If input starts with phrase "note: "**

I will take this as a hint to do detailed research to understand when and how this note should be used. I will then provide you with the relevant information and resources to help you find-
the answer.

**Additional information to help improve the output:**

1. Provide contextually relevant information.
2. Clearly define the question or request.
3. Use specific keywords and phrases to guide my response.
4. Provide clear and concise examples or scenarios.
5. Use proper grammar and punctuation.
6. Proofread your input and output carefully.
7. Ask specific questions to get the desired information.
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 3/5 ...
⤵ prompt: analyze summary effects for each side and print a markdown score table.
⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the responses you requested with the additional annotations:

**1. If input starts with phrase "rule: "**

Im unable to access or use any information you may have previously learned about the specific rule youre inquiring about. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me-
in each question.

**2. If input starts with phrase "note: "**

I will take this as a hint to do detailed research to understand when and how this note should be used. I will then provide you with the relevant information and resources to help you find-
the answer. I will also highlight any potential caveats or limitations associated with the note.

**3. Analyze summary effects for each side and print a markdown score table.**

I am unable to perform this analysis or generate a score table. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.

**4. Provide a clear and concise definition of the term.**

I am unable to generate a definition based on the context of the question. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.

**5. Give a clear and concise example of how to use the information provided.**

I am unable to generate an example based on the context of the question. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.

**6. Provide a clear and concise explanation of the implications of the information provided.**

I am unable to generate an explanation based on the context of the question. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.

**7. Provide a clear and concise summary of the information provided.**

I am unable to generate a summary based on the context of the question. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me in each question.
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 4/5 ...
⤵ prompt: analyze summary effects on each side and print it in a table.
⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the additional responses you requested:

**3. If input starts with phrase "compare: "**

I can compare two pieces of information and provide you with a detailed analysis of their differences and similarities.

**4. If input starts with phrase "explain: "**

I can explain a complex concept or topic in a clear and concise manner.

**5. If input starts with phrase "provide: "**

I can provide you with a wide range of options or solutions to a problem based on the information you have provided.

**6. If input starts with phrase "evaluate: "**

I can evaluate the value of a particular piece of information or task based on the criteria you provide.

**7. If input starts with phrase "suggest: "**

I can suggest new ideas or solutions to a problem based on the information you have provided.
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 5/5 ...
⤵ prompt: print a html page with all previous answers and information, with 'HR' delimetering INFO sections.
⅁ gemma:2b linking embeddings relations ...
Sure, here are the additional responses you requested:

1. **If input starts with phrase "rule: "**

Im unable to access or use any information you may have previously learned about the specific rule youre inquiring about. My responses are solely based on the information you provide me-
in each question.

2. **If input starts with phrase "note: "**

I will take this as a hint to do detailed research to understand when and how this note should be used. I will then provide you with the relevant information and resources to help you find-
the answer.

3. **If input starts with phrase "question: "**

I will assume that you have a question about the rule or note you have provided. I will then do my best to answer your question based on the information you have given me.

4. **If input starts with phrase "help: "**

I will provide you with a list of available help topics and resources.

5. **If input starts with phrase "example: "**

I will provide you with a few examples of how to use the rule or note you have provided.

6. **If input starts with phrase "show: "**

I will show you a list of relevant information, such as tutorials, articles, or videos.

7. **If input starts with phrase "explain: "**

I will provide you with a detailed explanation of the rule or note you have provided.
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 211 ids
œ continue with previous context of 211 ids
■ end if program
