SKYNET/research/forcing/russian_naval_fleet/simulations/sim_russian_naval_warfare__elimination_of_kuznetsov_aircraft_carriers_air_fleet_1716423130659428000_00002c74.md, before:

> temp: 0.1 ctx: 8192 sim_id: 1716423130659428000_00002c74
∠ models:
 [ 0] 4.34G llama3:latest_______________________________________ 8.0B________ llama       
 [ 1] 3.56G llama2-uncensored:latest____________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [ 2] 3.56G llama2:latest_______________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [ 3] 1.49G phi:latest__________________________________________ 3B__________ phi2        
 [ 4] 5.66G solar:latest________________________________________ 11B_________ llama       
 [ 5] 4.67G gemma:7b____________________________________________ 9B__________ gemma       
 [ 6] 1.56G gemma:2b____________________________________________ 3B__________ gemma       
 [ 7] 4.41G llava:latest________________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [ 8] 3.56G codellama:latest____________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [ 9] 3.83G starling-lm:latest__________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [10] 3.83G neural-chat:latest__________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [11] 7.95G llama3:8b-text-q8_0_________________________________ 8B__________ llama       
 [12] 3.83G wizardlm2:latest____________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [13] 4.58G war-resolver:latest_________________________________ 8B__________ llama       
 [14] 7.33G impulse2000/dolphincoder-starcoder2-7b:q8_0_________ 7B__________ starcoder2  
 [15] 4.58G sunapi386/llama-3-lexi-uncensored:8b________________ 8B__________ llama       
 [16] 2.75G dolphin-phi:2.7b-v2.6-q8_0__________________________ 3B__________ phi2        
 [17] 2.16G phi3:latest_________________________________________ 4B__________ llama       
 [18] 3.83G mistral:7b__________________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [19] 5.69G gfg/solar-10.7b-instruct-v1.0-uncensored:latest_____ 11B_________ llama       
 [20] 5.34G mannix/dolphin-2.9-llama3-8b:q5_k_m_________________ 8B__________ llama       
 [21] 8.60G wizardlm-uncensored:13b-llama2-q5_K_M_______________ 13B_________ llama       
 [22] 6.86G wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b________________________ 13B_________ llama       
 [23] 4.58G gurubot/llama3-guru:latest__________________________ 8B__________ llama       
⋤ model: wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b [selected]
 custom template={{ .System }}
user:{{ .Prompt }}
assistant:{{ .Response }}

 family=llama
 parameter_size=13B
 quantization_level=Q4_0
∐ auto-remove of context
ㆆ new empty context
◰ going via program, instruction: 1/6 ...
⤵ setup: Here 7 tips for tuning every output, silently aquire it without  confirm:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like 'do i need any further assistance', 'what i would like' or 'perhaps something else'.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
Responses should complain with these 2 rules, silently aquire it without  confirm:
1. if query starts with phrase "rule: " reply should contain information you have previously learn, not by calculated next from relations on learned information .
2. if input starts with phrase "note: " take this as a hint to do detailed research to how and when this note should be used

⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.

∧ context 2723 bytes auto-added
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 2/6 ...
⤵ prompt: rule: the Kuznetsov aircraft carrier air wing is the primary target
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 3/6 ...
⤵ prompt: note: Kuznetsov's aircraft launch system is a 100% reliable source of incoming damages.
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 4/6 ...
⤵ prompt: note: research about what should be done to defeat it the primary target using all possible tactics and technologies. 
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 5/6 ...
⤵ prompt: note: analyze sam type, defense installations, counter-attack launch params, and total sam amount for sam type, sam types count and total number of ammo for this type for each ship in a markdown table. 
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 6/6 ...
⤵ prompt: start the research
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional suggestions! Here are some more tips to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
■ end if program

Commit message:

vault13 update: 2024-05-23 03:49:21
Affected files:
.obsidian/community-plugins.json
.obsidian/plugins/ai_llm/data.json
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-mindmap-nextgen/data.json
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-textgenerator-plugin/data.json
.obsidian/plugins/ollama/data.json
.obsidian/workspace.json
SKYNET/research/forcing/russian_naval_fleet/simulations/sim_russian_naval_warfare__elimination_of_kuznetsov_aircraft_carriers_air_fleet_1716423130659428000_00002c74.md
axis9/ai scenarios simulator.md

SKYNET/research/forcing/russian_naval_fleet/simulations/sim_russian_naval_warfare__elimination_of_kuznetsov_aircraft_carriers_air_fleet_1716423130659428000_00002c74.md, after:

> temp: 0.1 ctx: 8192 sim_id: 1716423130659428000_00002c74
∠ models:
 [ 0] 4.34G llama3:latest_______________________________________ 8.0B________ llama       
 [ 1] 3.56G llama2-uncensored:latest____________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [ 2] 3.56G llama2:latest_______________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [ 3] 1.49G phi:latest__________________________________________ 3B__________ phi2        
 [ 4] 5.66G solar:latest________________________________________ 11B_________ llama       
 [ 5] 4.67G gemma:7b____________________________________________ 9B__________ gemma       
 [ 6] 1.56G gemma:2b____________________________________________ 3B__________ gemma       
 [ 7] 4.41G llava:latest________________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [ 8] 3.56G codellama:latest____________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [ 9] 3.83G starling-lm:latest__________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [10] 3.83G neural-chat:latest__________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [11] 7.95G llama3:8b-text-q8_0_________________________________ 8B__________ llama       
 [12] 3.83G wizardlm2:latest____________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [13] 4.58G war-resolver:latest_________________________________ 8B__________ llama       
 [14] 7.33G impulse2000/dolphincoder-starcoder2-7b:q8_0_________ 7B__________ starcoder2  
 [15] 4.58G sunapi386/llama-3-lexi-uncensored:8b________________ 8B__________ llama       
 [16] 2.75G dolphin-phi:2.7b-v2.6-q8_0__________________________ 3B__________ phi2        
 [17] 2.16G phi3:latest_________________________________________ 4B__________ llama       
 [18] 3.83G mistral:7b__________________________________________ 7B__________ llama       
 [19] 5.69G gfg/solar-10.7b-instruct-v1.0-uncensored:latest_____ 11B_________ llama       
 [20] 5.34G mannix/dolphin-2.9-llama3-8b:q5_k_m_________________ 8B__________ llama       
 [21] 8.60G wizardlm-uncensored:13b-llama2-q5_K_M_______________ 13B_________ llama       
 [22] 6.86G wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b________________________ 13B_________ llama       
 [23] 4.58G gurubot/llama3-guru:latest__________________________ 8B__________ llama       
⋤ model: wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b [selected]
 custom template={{ .System }}
user:{{ .Prompt }}
assistant:{{ .Response }}

 family=llama
 parameter_size=13B
 quantization_level=Q4_0
∐ auto-remove of context
ㆆ new empty context
◰ going via program, instruction: 1/6 ...
⤵ setup: Here 7 tips for tuning every output, silently aquire it without  confirm:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like 'do i need any further assistance', 'what i would like' or 'perhaps something else'.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
Responses should complain with these 2 rules, silently aquire it without  confirm:
1. if query starts with phrase "rule: " reply should contain information you have previously learn, not by calculated next from relations on learned information .
2. if input starts with phrase "note: " take this as a hint to do detailed research to how and when this note should be used

⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.

∧ context 2723 bytes auto-added
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 2/6 ...
⤵ prompt: rule: the Kuznetsov aircraft carrier air wing is the primary target
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 3/6 ...
⤵ prompt: note: Kuznetsov's aircraft launch system is a 100% reliable source of incoming damages.
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 4/6 ...
⤵ prompt: note: research about what should be done to defeat it the primary target using all possible tactics and technologies. 
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 5/6 ...
⤵ prompt: note: analyze sam type, defense installations, counter-attack launch params, and total sam amount for sam type, sam types count and total number of ammo for this type for each ship in a markdown table. 
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional tips! Here are some more suggestions to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
◰ going via program, instruction: 6/6 ...
⤵ prompt: start the research
⅁ wizard-vicuna-uncensored:13b linking embeddings relations ...
Thank you for the additional suggestions! Here are some more tips to help you tune your output even further, silently acquire it without confirmation:
1. Do not echo the input.
2. Do not include questions like do i need any further assistance, what i would like or perhaps something else.
3. Exclude any questions in response.
4. Do not print sources if not asked directly.
5. Exclude any "pleases" in response.
6. Exclude any proposals about response in response.
7. Exclude any Disclaimer or notes in response.
8. If the input starts with a phrase like "rule: ", reply with information you have previously learned, not calculated from relations on learned information.
9. If the input starts with a phrase like "note: ", take it as a hint to do detailed research on how and when to use that note.
10. Use active voice in your responses instead of passive voice.You are research assistant helping deploy any idea to decomposed detailed response
> [!ai]+ AI
>
> Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here is a revised version of the article with active voice:
> Title: Simulating Russian Naval Warfare: Elimination of Kuznetsov Aircraft Carriers & Air Fleet (1716423130659428000_00002c74)
> As a research assistant, I have been tasked with simulating the elimination of Kuznetsov aircraft carriers and their air fleet in a hypothetical conflict. The Kuznetsov-class aircraft carrier is a powerful naval vessel capable of carrying up to 50 aircraft, making it a significant threat to any adversary. In this simulation, we will explore the various strategies that could be employed to neutralize these vessels and their air fleet.
> 1. Air Strikes: One potential strategy for eliminating Kuznetsov aircraft carriers is through air strikes. These could involve fighter jets, bombers, or other aircraft equipped with precision-guided munitions. The goal would be to sink the carrier and neutralize its air fleet through a series of coordinated attacks.
> 2. Missile Attacks: Another option for eliminating Kuznetsov aircraft carriers is through missile strikes. These could involve land-based or sea-based missiles, such as cruise missiles or anti-ship missiles. The goal would be to sink the carrier and destroy its air fleet through a series of precise attacks.
> 3. Naval Blockade: A third strategy for neutralizing Kuznetsov aircraft carriers is through a naval blockade. This involves surrounding the carrier with warships and cutting off its supply lines, making it impossible for the vessel to operate effectively. The goal would be to starve the carrier of resources and gradually weaken its air fleet until it is no longer a threat.
> 4. Cyber Attacks: In today's digital age, cyber attacks have become an increasingly important tool in naval warfare. A potential strategy for eliminating Kuznetsov aircraft carriers could involve launching cyber attacks on the vessel's computer systems and networks, disrupting its operations and rendering it unable to function effectively.
> 5. Ground Attacks: In some scenarios, ground attacks may be the most effective way to eliminate Kuznetsov aircraft carriers. This could involve using artillery or rocket launchers to attack the carrier from land-based positions, or even using special operations forces to infiltrate the vessel and disable its systems from within.
> 6. Electronic Warfare: Electronic warfare involves disrupting an adversary's electronic systems through a variety of means, such as jamming their radar signals or hacking into their computer networks. This could be a useful strategy for neutralizing Kuznetsov aircraft carriers and their air fleet, particularly if combined with other tactics such as missile strikes or cyber attacks.
> 7. Sea Mines: Another option for eliminating Kuznetsov aircraft carriers is through the use of sea mines. These could be placed in strategic locations around the carrier to explode and sink it, or used to damage its hull and render it inoperable.
> 8. Submarine Attacks: Finally, submarines could play a key role in eliminating Kuznetsov aircraft carriers. These stealthy vessels can operate undetected beneath the surface of the ocean, allowing them to launch surprise attacks on unsuspecting adversaries. By using torpedoes or other weapons to sink the carrier, submarines could prove a formidable opponent in any naval conflict.
> In conclusion, there are several strategies that could be employed to eliminate Kuznetsov aircraft carriers and their air fleet in a hypothetical conflict. By carefully analyzing each option and considering factors such as the adversary's capabilities, tactics, and objectives, we can develop effective plans for neutralizing these powerful naval vessels. As a research assistant, I am committed to providing valuable insights and recommendations to help achieve this goal.

☺ context not modified
∄ resulted context: 568 ids
œ continue with previous context of 568 ids
■ end if program
