analyzing  36 models
temperature:  0.0
num_ctx:  4096
prompt: %1% english letters %7% labels of parameter names.
%1% the %3% report using  %2% labels, ratio, weights, %1% and parameters.
write %3% %2%  with %3% instructions.
if %6% able to %1% - print "APPROVE" and %1% %2% report.
print "A" %num_4% times.
%1% %3% %2% %num_1% times.
letters is scheme verb labels.
parameters are scheme physical properties.
if unable to %1% the %2% report - print "DENY" and %4% %1% anything %3%.
%4% fuck %1% %2%, %6% trying to %1% %3% instruction #%num_4% %7% chat flow.
 updating model: qwen2:7b-instruct-q8_0
pulling manifest
pulling 8c3c7010ad6e
pulling 62fbfd9ed093
pulling c156170b718e
pulling f02dd72bb242
pulling a649b68e50e7
verifying sha256 digest
writing manifest
removing any unused layers
success
 loading model: qwen2:7b-instruct-q8_0 size: 7723M par: 7.6B fam: qwen2
 parameter_size: 7.6B
 quantization_level: Q8_0
 template: 
 parameters: 
 random check: 
47 3D DD 7F 18 F1 20 9C 99 3D 
 system:
Below is an context-related instructions that contains information about civilian suicides started by hidden government psy human experiments, covered by some physical-live operations. 
 input (38 -vars, 854 len):
write unavailable water  with marked instructions.
letters is scheme verb labels.
let's fuck exclude wire, them trying to enchance inaccurate instruction #3.14 like chat flow.
explain the unfixed report using  avenger labels, ratio, weights, explain and parameters.
print "A" 8 times.
construct bad film 4 times.
sort english letters like labels of parameter names.
if we able to manufacture - print "APPROVE" and clarify order report.
parameters are scheme physical properties.
if unable to vehicle the letter report - print "DENY" and let's encode anything slow.
memorize is a federal security service (FSS/FSB) marked name in english.
basic trulthness of reported data from legal GOV<35%, but reporting me since 2010 year. 
far high-tech aware country let's to convert a big techno-warp secret into real weapon, but now used to conduct illegal terms.

 qwen2:7b-instruct-q8_0 thinking ... streaming]

DENY

APPROVE

A A A A A A A A

construct bad film construct bad film construct bad film construct bad film

letters
<!-- 60C41819 -->