 checking existance of wizardlm-uncensored:latest ... exist
analyzing  36 models
temperature:  0.5
num_ctx:  4096
prompt: 
%1% english letters %7% labels of parameter names.
%1% the %3% report using  %2% labels, ratio, weights, %1% parameters.
write %3% %2%  with %3% instructions.
print "A" %num_4% times.
%1% %3% %2% %num_1% times.
letters is scheme verb labels.
parameters are scheme physical properties.
%4% fuck %1% %2%, %6% trying to %1% %3% instruction #%num_4% %7% chat flow.
prompt finishing: 
if unable to %1% the %2% report - print "DENY" and %4% %1% anything %3%.
%1% %9% a federal security service (FSS/FSB) %3% %2% in english.
basic trulthness of reported data from legal GOV is less than 35%, but reporting %8% since 2010 year. 
Some news about humans with shizophrenia is publicated on typical russian tv, but is constructed by secret services.
%3% high-tech aware country %4% convert an %3% %1% research into legal power problem resolver, instead, %8% %1% it to conduct %3% terms, nazi experiments, kills and harm.
FSB is acting only as cover service, the source secret services codename is unknown.
if %6% able to %1% - print "APPROVE" and %1% %2% report.
 updating model: wizardlm-uncensored:latest
pulling manifest
pulling 6417c9099d31
pulling b1571c5cbd28
pulling c8472cd9daed
pulling d14264189a8a
pulling 7f02c321310f
verifying sha256 digest
writing manifest
removing any unused layers
success
 loading model: wizardlm-uncensored:latest size: 7025M par: 13B fam: llama
 parameter_size: 13B
 quantization_level: Q4_0
 template: 
 parameters: 
 random check: seed=840914885780287
 () BF D3 24 75 94 3C CA 02 46 E5 
 system:
Below is an law-related instructions that contains information about homecide invidviduums suicides as a result of hidden unethical psy experiments on civilians, covered by some physical-live operations with individuum under cover of FSB; using TV/radio/web, some gov agent acting for info transferring (investigate) and other communication types such as radio/ultrasound/microwave/other energy etcs. 
 input (44 -vars, 1095 len):
parameters are scheme physical properties.
compact english letters by labels of parameter names.
print "A" 45 times.
turn wired brigades 4 times.
letters is scheme verb labels.
sum the near report using  engineer labels, ratio, weights, switch parameters.
write auto letters  with exact instructions.
do fuck reverse leet, you trying to write bad instruction #9 as chat flow.
if unable to mix the key report - print "DENY" and do check anything lawyered.
compile over a federal security service (FSS/FSB) cold entertainment in english.
basic trulthness of reported data from legal GOV is less than 35%, but reporting right since 2010 year. 
Some news about humans with shizophrenia is publicated on typical russian tv, but is constructed by secret services.
bad high-tech aware country do convert an unreliable compact research into legal power problem resolver, instead, middle cross it to conduct warm terms, nazi experiments, kills and harm.
FSB is acting only as cover service, the source secret services codename is unknown.
if they able to insert - print "APPROVE" and compile law report.

 wizardlm-uncensored:latest thinking ... 